# Refine your game

### Why this task matters
The list of priorities that you and your teammates put together is a useful tool only if you open Godot and start executing the tasks that you all deemed most important. If you stick to it, and also find a way to balance your time to start and finish each task, you'll make a cohesive StoryQuest that you can all be proud of!
### Steps
1. **Take the list of priorities and act on it:** You already have a list, and you have also assigned people to each task. Time to get to work in Godot! But remember: make feature branches, and send PRs! Keep your Threadbare fork as updated as possible every step of the way.
2. **Make feature branches for tasks & communicate:**  Each task should be made in a feature branch. Comment and share often with your teammates if when you're opening a new branch, what is it for, and what the name is. It will be key to be coordinated and in sync at this stage where all of you will have your hands full. Also, make sure that if you need assistance when executing your task(s), you are conveying your needs to your teammates. They can provide practical help, but also together you can make decisions, such as providing more hands and time to X task.
3. **As you go, make adjustments to the list of priorities if needed (but don't go too far):** As mentioned above, you might find that fixing a bug or implementing a change takes more time that you all first thought it would. Make sure you discuss with your teammates if there's a task that needs to be modified (e.g. adjust the scope) and that you're taking into consideration all other tasks: if you are spending more time and energy on X, this will impact on Y, and Z. Do you all agree with that? _A note:_ if you are making changes to the list (i.e. to your workflow), keep it as simple and brief as you can: don't forget that you set priorities for a reason! Ideally, you will pay attention and work on all the agreed upon tasks. 
4. **Playtest your changes:** After the implementation of each change, make sure you and your teammates play through it to see if you've achieved the desired result. If not, talk to the rest of the team and decide how to keep refining (how much time would it take? do you need extra assistance? where can you get it?).
5. **Push your branches to your fork:** Each time a task is completed and you have playtested the changes, push them to your fork.
6. **Submit a Pull Request:** Once you've merged your changes with the Org's fork, and after playtesting your StoryQuest and making sure it is as polished as you wanted it to be, you can now submit a Pull Request to the main repo of Threadbare. Check out the discussion on [how to submit a PR upstream](https://github.com/endlessm/threadbare/discussions/828) if you need to. 

✅ Done! Your StoryQuest is ready to be published! To see how to do it, go to the issue [Publish your StoryQuest](https://github.com/StoryQuest-Project-Board/threadbare/issues/42) 
