# Present your StoryQuest

### Why this task matters

When the end of this program arrives, you'll have the chance to show your peers, mentors and/or instructors the prototype you so dearly (and with much effort) created. 
Take this opportunity, not as some sort of exam, but as a moment to **celebrate the work you and your teammates have done.** Make sure you highlight your StoryQuest's strengths, and why not: reflect on the things or moments that were particularly challenging but you were able to overcome! Reflect & refine... always!

### Steps

1. **Make sure you have your [pitch deck](https://github.com/endlessm/threadbare/discussions/619) ready!**
_Notes: 
a. If you're in a class with other teams, your instructor should have shared with you in advance how much time you'll have to deliver your presentation, so keep that in mind when polishing the final details of your pitch (it's not be the same to have 2 min than to have 5 min to talk about your project).
b. Make sure that you distribute the slides/who says what with your teammates.
c. It's always recommended to record a playthrough of your StoryQuest instead of improvising a playtest on the spot (you could loose valuable time setting everything up or even by getting stuck in a specific part of the game... which might make your audience loose interest.)
d. Practice the delivery! Set a timer and talk through your part of the presentation as many times as you need until you feel comfortable with what you have to express._

2. **Present & have fun!** 
_Note: if time allows it, reflect and share your experience making the StoryQuest! You could also take some minutes for Q&As from the audience: constructive feedback is always welcomed!_ 

### Congratulations! YOU MADE IT!
But remember: the journey is **not** over. You and your team can keep polishing your StoryQuest once the program finishes. Just make sure you notify the Threadbare Maintainers whenever you want push changes upstream. They will have to evaluate the PR, and eventually, your improvements can be merged. 
And even more so: you can always start another StoryQuest! Threadbare will be waiting for you.
